# 2. Reproducing the BUG
Now there are programs that sometime might execute and sometime they might throw an error. Now that puts us in a weird situation. 

like bro why do it work sometime and not other time?

**Follow the following example**
```python
from random import randint 
numbers = ["1", "2", "3", "4", "5", "6"] 
select_a_number = randint(a: 1, b: 6) 
print(numbers[select_a_number])
```
Run this code, and you'll notice that it works most of the time but ocasionally throws an error.

**What is our job?**
To find the bug **_duh_**
1. We have to find when does that error actually happen?
2. Try reproducing the bug yourself. (_sometimes to destroy the monster you must reproduce the monster_)
3. Try to notice when it happens, what conditions lead up to the bug/error.
4. Change the code so that it always produces the error.

Look at the following line of code:
```python
select_a_number = randint(a:1,b:6)
```
This randint function chooses a number between 1 and 6 **including the 1 and the 6** (_This is not like the range function where it did not include the last number in the range._) When a number is chosen it is inserted into the **numbers** list to select a number from the list and print it.
```python
print(numbers[select_a_number])
```
* now when we pick a number from our list we are ocasionally getting an error.
* This can point to the randint function being used
* We look at the amount of numbers in a list that is 6.
* We look at the randint which picks the number with the range from 1 to 6(including the 6)
## Reproducing the bug
We will try picking the numbers in the list manually, to select each individual number.
Putting 1 in the list.
```python
select_a_number = 1
```
the output will be 
```
output = 2
```
**We repeat this untill we find the bug but also keep your eyes open for any weird behaviour like when we placed 1 in the list it selected the number 2(which is the second item in the list)**
* Putting 2 in the list.
```python
select_a_number = 2
```
the output will be 
```
output = 3
```
* Putting 3 in the list.
```python
select_a_number = 3
```
the output will be 
```
output = 4
```
* Putting 4 in the list.
```python
select_a_number = 4
```
the output will be 
```
output = 5
```
* Putting 5 in the list.
```python
select_a_number = 5
```
the output will be 
```
* Putting 6 in the list.
output = 6
```
```python
select_a_number = 6
```
the output will be 
```
output = ERROR!!!!!!!!!
```

We have finally reproduced the error, The problem here is that the list index starts from 0 hence we never saw 1 being printed and for 6 elements it would go from 0 to 5 but the randint function is going 1 to 6. which tells us there is one element that is never being selected and at one index i.e., 6 there is no element which is the reason for our bug.